HIBERNATE-158: Add AGENTS.md, HQL-to-MQL translation skill (#159)
mongodb/mongo-hibernate: .claude/skills/add-hql-to-mql-translation/SKILL.md

5. **Coverage verification** *(do not skip)* — add temporary `System.err.println` markers to all non-trivial code paths (loops, recursion, branches); run targeted tests; confirm each path is actually exercised; remove logging; re-run suite. Report and investigate if any path is uncovered before proceeding.
6. **Negative tests** — all `FeatureNotSupportedException` cases; run full suite; commit
7. **Final build** — `./gradlew build` + full integration test run

**Test conventions:**

- Positive tests: `assertSelectionQuery(hql, resultType, expectedMql, expectedResults, expectedAffectedCollections)` — always assert the full MQL pipeline string, the full result set, and the full set of affected collections
- When the `$project` fields are unknown upfront (e.g. JOIN FETCH): use `assertActualCommandsInOrder` with `/* FILL IN after first test run */`; upgrade to full `assertSelectionQuery` once the actual MQL is known
- Negative tests: `assertSelectQueryFailure(hql, resultType, FeatureNotSupportedException.class, "TODO-HIBERNATE-161 ...")` — use the real ticket number, following the `TODO-HIBERNATE-NNN` codebase convention

> - Positive tests live in `@Nested class Positive` with `@BeforeEach` seed data; negative tests live at the outer class level (no seed data needed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Positive tests live in a descriptively named `@Nested` class with `@BeforeEach` seed data; negative tests live at the outer class level for one-off cases or in `@Nested class Unsupported` when there are several.
```
